Payment

Each Order sets out the fees payable by Customer for the {ProductParty1}. If Customer elects to add features or functionality to an Order, additional fees may apply and be payable by Customer. Any discounts applied to an Order are specific to such Order.

Customer agrees to pay the fees in accordance with the terms set out in the applicable Order and within thirty (30) days of the date of invoice (" Payment Period "). Customer must notify {NameParty1} of any disputes in writing and provide reasonable detail of the basis for such dispute within the Payment Period, or such invoice will be deemed undisputed and due.

Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, all payments are due in United States Dollars. If any payment date falls on a non-business day in the United States, payment will be payable on the next business day. Customer will pay all wire, electronic transfer and administrative fees associated with its payment of the fees under this Agreement; such fees may not be deducted from the amount payable to {NameParty1} hereunder. If any undisputed invoice amounts are past due, then {NameParty1} may, without limiting its other rights and remedies, suspend the {ProductParty1} until such amounts are paid in full.  If Customer fails to pay undisputed invoices when they fall due, {NameParty1} may charge Customer, on the outstanding amount: (a) a finance charge of 1.5% per month (18% per year); or (b) the highest amount permissible by law, whichever is less. All costs, expenses and fees incurred by {NameParty1} (or its agents) to collect past due balances will be charged to Customer.

Customer will pay all applicable taxes under this Agreement unless Customer provides {NameParty1} with a properly completed exemption certificate prior to the applicable payment due date. Customer will not pay taxes based on {NameParty1}'s net income. All prices are exclusive of all taxes, duties, VAT, withholdings and other government assessments (if payable and subject to provision of a proper tax invoice). Fees are payable in accordance with the time limits set forth in Section 3.2 , notwithstanding any claim or request Customer may have regarding withholding tax or any other regulations, codes or obligations.

